README.md, before:

Farewell, gem russian!
======================

Совершенно понятно, почему Ярослав перестал его подерживать.
После `I18n v.0.3.0`, когда появлился модуль Pluralization в этом джеме отпала необходимость.

Этот маленький проект содержит всего три файла, которые достаточно добавить в рельсовый проект, чтобы получпть полноценнвую поддрежку русского языка.

If you do not read Russian, here is the explenation.

After the version 0.3.0 of the gem I18n has appeared the full pluralization support is implemented for every language.

For use of this possibility you need to add to your project the following files.

1. config/initializers/locale.rb that adds the module Pluralization;
2. the pluralizarion rules, here there is the file config/locales/ru.rb
for Russian languages; yuo can easyly add the rules for other languages
just looking at http://unicode.org/repos/cldr-tmp/trunk/diff/supplemental/language_plural_rules.html;
3. the standard rails translations; here are ones for Russian language in the file config/locales/ru.yml that I recoomend to rename and keep unchaged.

Commit message:

README cleanup & I18n.transliterate() hashes for Russian

README.md, after:

Farewell, gem russian!
======================

Совершенно понятно, почему Ярослав перестал его подерживать.
После `I18n v.0.3.0`, когда появлился модуль Pluralization в этом джеме отпала необходимость.

Этот маленький проект содержит всего три файла, которые достаточно добавить в рельсовый проект, чтобы получить полноценную поддрежку русского языка, в том числе и транслитерацию:

1. `app/config/initializers/locale.rb` — добавляет модуль Pluralization;
2. `app/config/locales/ru.rb` — правила плюрализации для русского языка и хэши для транслитерации; можно добавлять свои [правила](http://unicode.org/repos/cldr-tmp/trunk/diff/supplemental/language_plural_rules.html)
3. `app/config/locales/ru.yml` — стандартный файл с переводом; приведены значения по-умолчанию для русского языка.


If you do not read Russian, here is the explanation
---------------------------------------------------

With the `I18n v0.3.0+`, full pluralization support made possible for every language.

To use this possibility you need to add the following three files to your project:

1. `app/config/initializers/locale.rb` — adds the Pluralization module;
2. `app/config/locales/ru.rb` — pluralization rules and transliteration hashes for Russian; you can easily add your own rules for other languages (look [here](http://unicode.org/repos/cldr-tmp/trunk/diff/supplemental/language_plural_rules.html) for more examples)
3. `app/config/locales/ru.yml` — standard rails translations; these are the defaults for Russian language, that I recommend to rename and keep unchanged.
